Chapter 3 Structure of crystalline solids
So today we're going to take a look
at the structure. Last time we took a
look at the atomic structure. Otherwise
the bonding between atoms. We talked
about primary bond types. Hopefully you
can name 3 and we talked about secondary
bond types. Today we're going to talk
about the. Atomic arrangement of atoms,
how do the atoms pack to
form a crystal structure? And the
reason we're interested in structures,
that structure directly affects
properties. And then ultimately we're
going to see as we move
through the course many different ways
of processing a material.
In the processing ultimately will affect
structure, so ultimately affect
properties O Understanding the structure
property relationship and how processing
effects structure would help us tailor
materials for specific uses.
So you can you can grow your own crystal
structures if you want. Alum is a good
system to grow crops are very nice big
crystals and these are analog. That's
just the spice in your grocery store. One
of the things you notice when you grow a
single crystal and say this piece here is
a single crystal, right? Here's another
one each of these. See single crystal. So
all the atoms in these different pieces
have the same structure, and they're all
oriented the same way. One of the things
you'll notice is that they're angles here
will show up and repeat in the different
structures, so the lengths of edges might
change in length, but the angles are
always the same. So that implies there's
some order to the arrangement of the
atoms.